Edits for clarifying process, visual presentation, and removal of ina… (#38651)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/README.md

# Connector Development

### Before you start

Before building a new connector, review [Airbyte's data protocol specification](../understanding-airbyte/airbyte-protocol.md). As you begin, you should also familiarize yourself with our guide to [Best Practices for Connector Development](./best-practices.md).

If you need support along the way, visit the [Slack channel](https://airbytehq.slack.com/archives/C027KKE4BCZ) we have dedicated to helping users with connector development where you can search previous discussions or ask a question of your own. 

### Process overview

> The first step in creating a new connector is to choose the tools you’ll use to build it. There are three basic approaches Airbyte provides to start developing a connector. To understand which approach you should take, review the [compatibility guide](./connector-builder-ui/connector-builder-compatibility.md).  [The Airbyte community also maintains some CDKs](#community-maintained-cdks) suitable for certain use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step in creating a new connector is to choose the tools you’ll use to build it. There are three basic approaches Airbyte provides to start developing a connector. To understand which approach you should take, review the [compatibility guide](./connector-builder-ui/connector-builder-compatibility.md).
```

After building and testing your connector, you’ll need to publish it. This makes it available in your workspace. At that point, you can use the connector you’ve built to move some data! 

> If you want to contribute what you’ve built to the catalog of publicly available connectors, follow the steps provided in the [contribution guide for submitting new connectors](../contributing-to-airbyte/submit-new-connector.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute what you’ve built to the Airbyte Cloud and OSS connector catalog, follow the steps provided in the [contribution guide for submitting new connectors](../contributing-to-airbyte/submit-new-connector.md). 
```
